iberian_labs.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Iberian Labs
---

If you would like your research group to be listed in our website, please fill in <a href="https://forms.gle/X3XvHLDNbY7jF1QX6" target="_blank">this form</a>.

We will list only one entry per research institution/center (no duplicates).

## Iberian Labs

### Biomedical Imaging Laboratory

- Clínica Universidad de Navarra. Pamplona, Spain.
- The **Biomedical Imaging Laboratory** lab works in translational research projects, developing advanced MRI techniques and evaluating their use for disease diagnosis and characterization.
- Main research topics: *arterial spin labeling, renal imaging, myocardial perfusion, cerebrovascular reactivity*
- Contact: Maria A. Fernández Seara, [mfseara at unav.es](mailto:mfseara@unav.es)
- Website: [https://www.cun.es/nuestros-profesionales/servicios-medicos/radiologia/biomedical-imaging-laboratory/](https://www.cun.es/nuestros-profesionales/servicios-medicos/radiologia/biomedical-imaging-laboratory/)

### Coimbra Institute for Biomedical Imaging and Translational Research (CIBIT)

- University of Coimbra. Coimbra, Portugal.
- **CIBIT** focus on biomedical imaging and translational research, including pre-clinical and clinical MR, PET, OCT, neurophysiology and molecular probe development for applications in Cognitive and Clinical Neuroscience, Cardiology and Oncology.
- Main research topics: *cognitive neuroscience, neurodegenerative disorders, neurodevelopmental disorders, neuropsychiatric disorders*
- Contact: Miguel Castelo-Branco, [mcbranco at fmed.uc.pt](mailto:mcbranco@fmed.uc.pt)
- Website: [https://www.uc.pt/en/uid/cibit/](https://www.uc.pt/en/uid/cibit/)

### Evolutionary Systems and Biomedical Engineering Lab

- Institute for Systems and Robotics, Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon. Lisbon, Portugal.
- **LaSEEB** hosts 40 researchers working on topics such as development of pulse sequences and reconstruction algorithms for quantitative MRI (PI: Rita Nunes); imaging dynamic brain networks using EEG and fMRI and neurofeedback (PI: Patrícia Figueiredo).
- Main research topics: *pulse sequence development, quantitative MR, Imaging cerebrovascular physiology, dynamic brain networks, neurofeedback*
- Contact: Patrícia Figueiredo, [patricia.figueiredo at tecnico.ulisboa.pt](mailto:patricia.figueiredo@tecnico.ulisboa.pt)
- Website: [https://www.laseeb.org/](https://www.laseeb.org/)
- Twitter: [@laseeb_isr](https://twitter.com/laseeb_isr)

### Institute of Biophysics and Biomedical Engineering (IBEB)

- Faculty of Sciences of the University of Lisbon. Lisbon, Portugal.
- **IBEB** conducts research in the interface between medicine and engineering, with a focus on image and signal processing, cancer therapy and diagnosis, and non-invasive brain stimulation.
- Main research topics: *brain stimulation, biomedical signal and image processing, cancer diagnosis and therapy*
- Contact: Alexandre Andrade, [aandrade at fc.ul.pt](mailto:aandrade@fc.ul.pt)
- Website: [http://ibeb.ciencias.ulisboa.pt/](http://ibeb.ciencias.ulisboa.pt/)

### Image Processing Lab (LPI)

- University of Valladolid. Castilla y León, Spain.
- **LPI** is an officially recognized research group by the University of Valladolid and has been considered by the regional government as a Group of Excellence. Its main activity is focused on medical image analysis and biomedical signal processing.
- Main research topics: *diffusion MRI, acquisition, image processing, cardiac MRI*
- Contact: Carlos Alberola, [contact at lpi.tel.uva.es](mailto:contact@lpi.tel.uva.es)
- Website: [http://www.lpi.tel.uva.es/](http://www.lpi.tel.uva.es/)

### Proaction Lab

- University of Coimbra. Coimbra, Portugal.
- The **Proaction Lab** focuses on Cognitive Neuroscience approaches to unravel the processes associated with the perception and recognition of objects and actions, as well as how knowledge and information are stored and organized in the brain.
- Main research topics: *perception, objects, mind wandering, collaborative robots*
- Contact: Jorge Almeida, [jorgealmeida at fpce.uc.pt](mailto:jorgealmeida@fpce.uc.pt)
- Website: [http://proactionlab.fpce.uc.pt/](http://proactionlab.fpce.uc.pt/)
- Twitter: [@proactionlab](https://twitter.com/proactionlab)

### Quantitative Bio-Imaging group

- Centro de Ciências do Mar (CCMAR). Faro, Portugal.
- The recently created **Quantitative Bio-Imaging** group works on the development of image acquisition, reconstruction and processing methods for biomedical imaging techniques, including MRI and optical imaging.
- Main research topics: *cardiac MRI, 3D optical imaging, quantitative imaging, image reconstruction, deep learning*
- Contact: Teresa Correia, [tmcorreia at ualg.pt](mailto:tmcorreia@ualg.pt)
- Website: [https://www.ccmar.ualg.pt/users/tmcorreia](https://www.ccmar.ualg.pt/users/tmcorreia)
- Twitter [@TeresaM2Correia](https://twitter.com/TeresaM2Correia)

### Shemesh Lab

### Signal Processing in Neuroimaging (SPiN)

- Basque Center on Cognition, Brain and Language. Donostia - San Sebastián, Spain.
- The **SPiN** lab investigates methods and develops novel algorithms for acquisition and analysis of neuroimaging (mostly, MRI) and biomedical data to advance our understanding of the function, structure and physiology in the healthy and diseased human brain.
- Main research topics: *biomedical signal processing, functional MRI acquisition and analysis, calibrated fMRI, MRI*
- Contact: Cesar Caballero-Gaudes, [c.caballero at bcbl.eu](mailto:c.caballero@bcbl.eu)
- Website: [https://www.bcbl.eu/en/research/research-groups/signal-processing-neuroimaging/](https://www.bcbl.eu/en/research/research-groups/signal-processing-neuroimaging/)

Commit message:

Add Shemesh and GABRMN Labs

iberian_labs.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Iberian Labs
---

If you would like your research group to be listed in our website, please fill in <a href="https://forms.gle/X3XvHLDNbY7jF1QX6" target="_blank">this form</a>.

We will list only one entry per research institution/center (no duplicates).

## Iberian Labs

### Biomedical Imaging Laboratory

- Clínica Universidad de Navarra. Pamplona, Spain.
- The **Biomedical Imaging Laboratory** lab works in translational research projects, developing advanced MRI techniques and evaluating their use for disease diagnosis and characterization.
- Main research topics: *arterial spin labeling, renal imaging, myocardial perfusion, cerebrovascular reactivity*
- Contact: Maria A. Fernández Seara, [mfseara at unav.es](mailto:mfseara@unav.es)
- Website: [https://www.cun.es/nuestros-profesionales/servicios-medicos/radiologia/biomedical-imaging-laboratory/](https://www.cun.es/nuestros-profesionales/servicios-medicos/radiologia/biomedical-imaging-laboratory/)

### Coimbra Institute for Biomedical Imaging and Translational Research (CIBIT)

- University of Coimbra. Coimbra, Portugal.
- **CIBIT** focus on biomedical imaging and translational research, including pre-clinical and clinical MR, PET, OCT, neurophysiology and molecular probe development for applications in Cognitive and Clinical Neuroscience, Cardiology and Oncology.
- Main research topics: *cognitive neuroscience, neurodegenerative disorders, neurodevelopmental disorders, neuropsychiatric disorders*
- Contact: Miguel Castelo-Branco, [mcbranco at fmed.uc.pt](mailto:mcbranco@fmed.uc.pt)
- Website: [https://www.uc.pt/en/uid/cibit/](https://www.uc.pt/en/uid/cibit/)

### Evolutionary Systems and Biomedical Engineering Lab

- Institute for Systems and Robotics, Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon. Lisbon, Portugal.
- **LaSEEB** hosts 40 researchers working on topics such as development of pulse sequences and reconstruction algorithms for quantitative MRI (PI: Rita Nunes); imaging dynamic brain networks using EEG and fMRI and neurofeedback (PI: Patrícia Figueiredo).
- Main research topics: *pulse sequence development, quantitative MR, Imaging cerebrovascular physiology, dynamic brain networks, neurofeedback*
- Contact: Patrícia Figueiredo, [patricia.figueiredo at tecnico.ulisboa.pt](mailto:patricia.figueiredo@tecnico.ulisboa.pt)
- Website: [https://www.laseeb.org/](https://www.laseeb.org/)
- Twitter: [@laseeb_isr](https://twitter.com/laseeb_isr)

### Grup d'Aplicacions Biomèdiques de la RMN (GABRMN)

- Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona. Cerdanyola del Vallès, Spain.
- **GABRMN** focus on in-vivo and in-vitro metabolomics of preclinical brain tumors (MRI, MRS, MRSI)
- Main research topics: *metabolomics, glioblastoma, magnetic resonance, machine learning, immune system*
- Contact: Ana Paula Candiota [AnaPaula.Candiota at uab.cat](mailto:AnaPaula.Candiota@uab.cat)
- Website: [https://www.ciber-bbn.es/grupos/grupo-de-investigacion?id=3562](https://www.ciber-bbn.es/grupos/grupo-de-investigacion?id=3562)

### Institute of Biophysics and Biomedical Engineering (IBEB)

- Faculty of Sciences of the University of Lisbon. Lisbon, Portugal.
- **IBEB** conducts research in the interface between medicine and engineering, with a focus on image and signal processing, cancer therapy and diagnosis, and non-invasive brain stimulation.
- Main research topics: *brain stimulation, biomedical signal and image processing, cancer diagnosis and therapy*
- Contact: Alexandre Andrade, [aandrade at fc.ul.pt](mailto:aandrade@fc.ul.pt)
- Website: [http://ibeb.ciencias.ulisboa.pt/](http://ibeb.ciencias.ulisboa.pt/)

### Image Processing Lab (LPI)

- University of Valladolid. Castilla y León, Spain.
- **LPI** is an officially recognized research group by the University of Valladolid and has been considered by the regional government as a Group of Excellence. Its main activity is focused on medical image analysis and biomedical signal processing.
- Main research topics: *diffusion MRI, acquisition, image processing, cardiac MRI*
- Contact: Carlos Alberola, [contact at lpi.tel.uva.es](mailto:contact@lpi.tel.uva.es)
- Website: [http://www.lpi.tel.uva.es/](http://www.lpi.tel.uva.es/)

### Proaction Lab

- University of Coimbra. Coimbra, Portugal.
- The **Proaction Lab** focuses on Cognitive Neuroscience approaches to unravel the processes associated with the perception and recognition of objects and actions, as well as how knowledge and information are stored and organized in the brain.
- Main research topics: *perception, objects, mind wandering, collaborative robots*
- Contact: Jorge Almeida, [jorgealmeida at fpce.uc.pt](mailto:jorgealmeida@fpce.uc.pt)
- Website: [http://proactionlab.fpce.uc.pt/](http://proactionlab.fpce.uc.pt/)
- Twitter: [@proactionlab](https://twitter.com/proactionlab)

### Quantitative Bio-Imaging group

- Centro de Ciências do Mar (CCMAR). Faro, Portugal.
- The recently created **Quantitative Bio-Imaging** group works on the development of image acquisition, reconstruction and processing methods for biomedical imaging techniques, including MRI and optical imaging.
- Main research topics: *cardiac MRI, 3D optical imaging, quantitative imaging, image reconstruction, deep learning*
- Contact: Teresa Correia, [tmcorreia at ualg.pt](mailto:tmcorreia@ualg.pt)
- Website: [https://www.ccmar.ualg.pt/users/tmcorreia](https://www.ccmar.ualg.pt/users/tmcorreia)
- Twitter: [@TeresaM2Correia](https://twitter.com/TeresaM2Correia)

### Shemesh Lab

- Champalimaud Foundation. Lisbon, Portugal
- The long term goals of **Shemesh Lab** are to understand the mechanisms by which modifications in the tissue’s microstructure transcend globally and modulate function and behavior, and to explore the potential of these as early disease biomarkers.
- Main research topics: *direct fMRI, multisensory stimuli, plasticity and brain development, tumor microenvironment, pre-malignant lesions*
- Contact: Noam Shemesh, [noam.shemesh at neuro.fchampalimaud.org](mailto:noam.shemesh@neuro.fchampalimaud.org)
- Website: [https://shemeshlab.org/](https://shemeshlab.org/)
- Twitter: [@ShemeshL](https://twitter.com/ShemeshL)

### Signal Processing in Neuroimaging (SPiN)

- Basque Center on Cognition, Brain and Language. Donostia - San Sebastián, Spain.
- The **SPiN** lab investigates methods and develops novel algorithms for acquisition and analysis of neuroimaging (mostly, MRI) and biomedical data to advance our understanding of the function, structure and physiology in the healthy and diseased human brain.
- Main research topics: *biomedical signal processing, functional MRI acquisition and analysis, calibrated fMRI, MRI*
- Contact: Cesar Caballero-Gaudes, [c.caballero at bcbl.eu](mailto:c.caballero@bcbl.eu)
- Website: [https://www.bcbl.eu/en/research/research-groups/signal-processing-neuroimaging/](https://www.bcbl.eu/en/research/research-groups/signal-processing-neuroimaging/)
