iberians_around_world.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Iberians Around the World
---

If you are an Iberian doing research outside Iberia and would like your research group to be listed in our website, please fill in <a href="https://forms.gle/X3XvHLDNbY7jF1QX6" target="_blank">this form</a>.

## Iberians Around the World

### Quantitative Imaging Methods Lab

- University of Wisconsin-Madison. Madison, Wisconsin, USA.
- The **Quantitative Imaging Methods Lab** develops new techniques, particularly for quantitative body MRI, and works with physicists, engineers, basic scientists, and clinicians, to validate and apply these techniques.
- Main research topics: *quantitative, diffusion, susceptibility, iron, fat*
- Contact: Diego Hernando, [dhernando at wisc.edu](mailto:dhernando@wisc.edu)
- Website: [https://qiml.radiology.wisc.edu/](https://qiml.radiology.wisc.edu/)
- Twitter: [@dherarr](https://twitter.com/dherarr)

### NeuroPoly Lab

- Polytechnique Montreal. Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
- **NeuroPoly** is a research laboratory that is co-directed by 4 principal investigators that specialize in neuroimaging. We develop advanced MRI image acquisition and analysis methods for brain and spinal cord imaging at 3 T and 7 T. 
- Main research topics: *B0 mapping, shimming, UHF, quantitative MRI, open-science*
- Contact: Eva Alonso Ortiz, [eva.alonso-ortiz at polymtl.ca](mailto:eva.alonso-ortiz@polymtl.ca)
- Website: [https://qiml.radiology.wihttps://neuro.polymtl.ca/sc.edu/](https://neuro.polymtl.ca/)
- Twitter: [@PolyNeuro](https://twitter.com/PolyNeuro)

Commit message:

JMarques Netherlands Iberian around the World

iberians_around_world.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Iberians Around the World
---

If you are an Iberian doing research outside Iberia and would like your research group to be listed in our website, please fill in <a href="https://forms.gle/X3XvHLDNbY7jF1QX6" target="_blank">this form</a>.

## Iberians Around the World

### MR Structural Quantitative Imaging

- Radboud University. Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
- The **MR Structural Quantitative Imaging lab** aims are to develop new strategies to acquire high resolution and informative quantitative MRI; and to understand the contrast mechanisms that give rise to the observed relaxation and electromagnetic contrasts in brain tissues.
- Main research topics: *Relaxometry acquisition & reconstruction, QSM, MWI*
- Contact: Jose Pedro Marques, [jose.marques at donders.ru.nl](mailto:jose.marques@donders.ru.nl)
- Website: [https://www.ru.nl/en/people/rebelo-ferreira-marques-j/](https://www.ru.nl/en/people/rebelo-ferreira-marques-j/)
- Twitter: [@Jose_P_Marques](https://twitter.com/Jose_P_Marques)

### Quantitative Imaging Methods Lab

- University of Wisconsin-Madison. Madison, Wisconsin, USA.
- The **Quantitative Imaging Methods Lab** develops new techniques, particularly for quantitative body MRI, and works with physicists, engineers, basic scientists, and clinicians, to validate and apply these techniques.
- Main research topics: *quantitative, diffusion, susceptibility, iron, fat*
- Contact: Diego Hernando, [dhernando at wisc.edu](mailto:dhernando@wisc.edu)
- Website: [https://qiml.radiology.wisc.edu/](https://qiml.radiology.wisc.edu/)
- Twitter: [@dherarr](https://twitter.com/dherarr)

### NeuroPoly Lab

- Polytechnique Montreal. Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
- **NeuroPoly** is a research laboratory that is co-directed by 4 principal investigators that specialize in neuroimaging. We develop advanced MRI image acquisition and analysis methods for brain and spinal cord imaging at 3 T and 7 T. 
- Main research topics: *B0 mapping, shimming, UHF, quantitative MRI, open-science*
- Contact: Eva Alonso Ortiz, [eva.alonso-ortiz at polymtl.ca](mailto:eva.alonso-ortiz@polymtl.ca)
- Website: [https://qiml.radiology.wihttps://neuro.polymtl.ca/sc.edu/](https://neuro.polymtl.ca/)
- Twitter: [@PolyNeuro](https://twitter.com/PolyNeuro)
